update read me file for Variable, vault, vaultGraphQl, version, webApi modules (#31474)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/Vault/README.md

# Magento_Vault module

The **Magento_Vault** module implements the integration with the Vault payment gateway and makes the latter available as a payment method in Magento.

## Installation details

Before installing this module, note that the **Magento_Vault** is dependent on the following modules:

- Magento_Checkout
- Magento_Customer
- Magento_Payment
- Magento_Quote
- Magento_Sales
- Magento_Store
- Magento_Theme

> Before disabling or uninstalling this module, please consider the following dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before disabling or uninstalling this module, note the following dependencies:
```

- Magento_Paypal

Please find here [how to enable or disable modules in Magento 2](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-subcommands-enable.html).

## Extensibility

Extension developers can interact with the Magento_Vault module. For more information about the Magento extension mechanism, see [Magento plug-ins](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html).

[The Magento dependency injection mechanism](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/depend-inj.html) enables you to override the functionality of the Magento_Vault module.

### Events

The module dispatches the following events:

- `payment_method_assign_data_vault` event in the `\Magento\Vault\Model\Method\Vault::assignData()` method. Parameters:
    - `method` is a method code (`\Magento\Vault\Model\Method\Vault` class).
    - `payment_model` is a payment information model object (`\Magento\Payment\Model\InfoInterface` class).

> For information about the event system in Magento 2, see [Events and observers](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/events-and-observers.html#events).

Reviewer: We can assume it's Magento 2.
```suggestion
For more information about the event system, see [Events and observers](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/events-and-observers.html#events).
```
